provide coco labels for different model variants (#2146)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/ssdlite_mobilenet_v2/ssdlite_mobilenet_v2.md

### Original Model

> 1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding-boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with [90 categories](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt) of object, 0 class is for background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Classifier, name: `detection_classes`. Contains predicted bounding-boxes classes in a range [1, 91]. The model was trained on Microsoft\* COCO dataset version with 90 classes. The mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file, 0 class is for background.
```

    where:

   - `image_id` - ID of the image in the batch

>    - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 91] across following [labels](../../../data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `label` - predicted class ID in range [1, 91], mapping to class names provided in `<omz_dir>/data/dataset_classes/coco_91cl_bkgr.txt` file
```
